docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/checkbox.md

  // console.log(e.target.checked)
});
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> The Checkbox element is assigned `role="checkbox"` and can have a `checked` state. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose that a checkbox serves through its accessible name, which is computed from the element’s visual label or `aria-label` property. The element’s state programmatically updates to match its visual state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkbox element is assigned `role="checkbox"` and can have a `checked` state. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose that a checkbox serves through its accessible name, which is computed from the element’s visual label or `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby` atrribute. The element’s state programmatically updates to match its visual state. 
```
